Significantly offload scoring sections of the `Game mode` articles (#6607)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko/en.md

## Scoring

> [The osu!taiko score](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/osu!taiko) is a weighted sum of all hit objects' values. It depends on the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Score in osu!taiko](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/osu!taiko) is a weighted sum of multiple components of gameplay. It depends on the following:
```

> - [Judgement](/wiki/Gameplay/Judgement/osu!taiko) determines an object's base scoring value (300, 100, or 0 in case of a miss). The value of regular and large notes depends on hit timing; every other hit object's base value is constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Judgement](/wiki/Gameplay/Judgement/osu!taiko) determines a hit object's base scoring value (300, 100, or 0 in case of a miss). The value of regular and large notes depends on hit timing, while every other object's base value is constant.
```

- [Accuracy](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy#osu!taiko) depends on judgement and shows how precise hits are. Late or early key presses, as well as misses, decrease overall accuracy.

> - [Combo](/wiki/Gameplay/Combo_(score_multiplier)) is a score multiplier: the higher it is, the more the object contributes to the total score. Combo may be [broken](/wiki/Glossary/Combobreak) by a miss. In osu!taiko, score multiplier derived from combo is limited and doesn't affect total score as much as it does in osu! or osu!catch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Combo](/wiki/Gameplay/Combo_(score_multiplier)) is a score multiplier: the higher it is, the more the object contributes to the total score. Combo may be [broken](/wiki/Glossary/Combobreak) by a miss. In osu!taiko, the score multiplier derived from combo is limited and doesn't affect total score as much as it does in osu! or osu!catch.
```

- [Kiai time](/wiki/Kiai_time): in osu!taiko, active kiai time increases score gain by 20%, just as it does in the original *Taiko no Tatsujin* series.

> In addition to score boost, each cleared object fills a small part of the [health bar](/wiki/Glossary/Health_bar), which must be at least **50% full** for a player to pass the beatmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to gaining score, each cleared object fills a small part of the [health bar](/wiki/Glossary/Health_bar), which must be at least **50% full** for a player to pass a beatmap.
```

Author: gaining -> giving? it's the player who gains

Reviewer: hmm yeah you're right

Reviewer: note that this works in context: "Score in osu!taiko is a weighted sum ... In addition to gaining score, each cleared object fills..." ("cleared object" is not the subject of the first clause; they're unrelated)

> After the beatmap is over, the score is assigned a [grade](/wiki/Gameplay/Grade#osu!taiko), a short accuracy assessment in form of a single letter. A golden or silver SS denotes 100% accuracy, and everything else, from S to D, depends on amount of 300s, 100s, and misses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing a beatmap, the score is assigned a [grade](/wiki/Gameplay/Grade#osu!taiko), a short accuracy assessment in the form of a single letter. A golden or silver SS denotes 100% accuracy, and everything else, from S to D, depends on the amount of 300s, 100s, and misses.
```
